you
hey guys George you coming from the shop
just tuning working on duck calls today
and Adam and I thought we'd take a
moment to do little sound tip of the new
Jezebel call our new calls that's in the
Brotherhood series Lana calls very happy
with this call very proud the way it
came out we've always had good success
with our stranglehold with the full duck
ease of use we've had that for quite a
few years when we were doing the second
duck call we wanted to do something that
had that still had the good duck to it
but different sounding and more range
and this is a double reed we tuned this
one up here is a little double reed and
I think you're gonna be pretty impressed
with the rings that will find that that
you'll get with this call we're going to
do what we'll do is we're going to work
a little bit of a high ball high notes
and down to some low stuff just to show
you the range that this call will have
again I going to say this is a double
reed this is what we do not the door
ready for the field
there you go the great deceiver the
Jezebel